Hello. It still works. quitBehavior change close to it. Right to work. Is also not very accurate. I got the decent amount of what you're saying, but sometimes it misses like the beginning of a sentence for is can be considered. I why that's what it's doing. Oh everything at the eye and I can be MI. Shit, I never thought of it. No, but if you start a sentence with Icancel a kid becomes a muscle is this considered and I I got the AIDS. I don't know. It's not like I sent take trash clean-up to make sure that its proper know what like it's I think it's using the frequency of words as well. So I can you say I it's more likely that you're referring to finish my eye ball and also prints out weird. I don't know why it does this whole thing, but it doesn't do that in the text file that I saved this to so.I guess it doesn't really matter. How do you think it's working decently enough. quitWhat scent is all I want to give a hug? I want a hug. quitWhat do you like to test it out? I'm going to say the n word. Fuc. It's at all. It's a really loud. I don't think I heard this last time. No, I said it not to hear all all turn the Sensitivity. I didn't turn the character. quitNope. Yeah, it is where we're thinking maybe yeah. Buck it says buck. maybe another word that is more unique like fuck could be a lot of things but like Crap out got it. Oh crap is good. I had put crap in their twat. Twice as good.shit boom works bich bollocks bollocks twats Does it count plurals? What does it count? It's not 100% skinhead / percentage CoteThe absence of the one I'm trying to think of things in put in quotation, sometimes certain things. I'd actually strings so I'd have cold and see where when it was scanning. If you put in percentage D or something because percentage D like to be right. It is used within the quotations. You could fuck it up a little bit injections in HTML and now you can put stuff in like a login screen. You mess with the color. I'm thinking it. Would that work with the transcript. Let's say $100.Do dollar signs ever sand? underscore I think she'll be all right.I think probably anything that would create a problem. It is a semicolon. I think it's good. quitball ball wall