Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. — Confucius
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny. – C.S. Lewis
It’s not whether you get knocked down. It’s whether you get up. – Vince Lombardi
Hard times don’t create heroes. It is during the hard times when the ‘hero’ within us is revealed. – Bob Riley
Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change. – Unknown
Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life. ? Tony Robbins
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. – Mahatma Gandhi
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow. --Helen Keller
Spread love everywhere you go. --Mother Teresa?
A champion is defined not by their wins but by how they can recover when they fall. --Serena Williams
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. --Oprah Winfrey
Life has got all those twists and turns. You've got to hold on tight and off you go. --Nicole Kidman
You are enough just as you are. --Meghan Markle
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open. --John Barrymore
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. --C.S. Lewis
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. --Albert Einstein
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves. --William Shakespeare
The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself. --Michel de Montaigne
The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. The first to forget is the happiest. --Unknown
Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. --Robert Louis Stevenson
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. --F. Scott Fitzgerald
“Don’t Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today.” – Will Rogers
“The Future Belongs To The Competent. Get Good, Get Better, Be The Best!” – Brian Tracy
“The best fighter is never angry.” ? Lao Tzu
“Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.” ? Ambrose Bierce
“Angry people want you to see how powerful they are... loving people want you to see how powerful You are.” ? Chief Red Eagle
“Whoever is able to anger you is able to control you. - On Anger.” ? Lamine Pearlheart
There are times when we stop, we sit still. We listen and breezes from a whole other world begin to whisper.” —James Carroll
“Within you, there is a stillness and a sanctuary to which you can retreat at any time and be yourself.” —Hermann Hesse
“Calmness is the cradle of power.” —Josiah Gilbert Holland