Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.
I've learned that no matter what happens, or how bad it seems today, life does go on, and it will be better tomorrow. I've learned that you can tell a lot about a person by the way he/she handles these three things:a rainy day, lost luggage, and tangled Christmas tree lights. I've learned that regardless of your relationship with your parents, you'll miss them when they're gone from your life. I've learned that making a living is not the same thing as making a life. I've learned that life sometimes gives you a second chance. I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw some things back. I've learned that whenever I decide something with an open heart, I usually make the right decision. I've learned that even when I have pains, I don't have to be one. I've learned that every day you should reach out and touch someone. People love a warm hug, or just a friendly pat on the back. I've learned that I still have a lot to learn. I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Whenever you're in conflict with someone, there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it. That factor is attitude.
Sing like no one's listening, love like you've never been hurt, dance like nobody's watching, and live like its heaven on earth.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
i can be changed by what happens to me. but i refuse to be reduced by it.
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. The little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative.
Independence? That's middle class blasphemy. We are all dependent on one another, every soul of us on earth.
If you have only one smile in you, give it to the people you love. Don't be surly at home, then go out in the street and start grinning 'Good morning' at total strangers.
I have to live for others and not for myself; that's middle class morality
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
Every person who has mastered a profession is a skeptic concerning it.
One should always play fairly when one has the winning cards.
Fish and visitors smell in three days.
Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations.
Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesman - not the attitude of the prospect.
House guests should be regarded as perishables: Leave them out too long and they go bad.
There are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle.
In the attitude of silence the soul finds the path in an clearer light, and what is elusive and deceptive resolves itself into crystal clearness.  Our life is a long and arduous quest after Truth.
The real glory is being knocked to your knees and then coming back. That's real glory. That's the essence of it.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
Our loyalties must transend our race, our tribe, our class, and our nation; and this means we must develop a world perspective.
I don't believe in mathematics.
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure
Nothing will work unless you do.
I answer the heroic question &quot;Death, where is they sting?&quot; with &quot;It is here in my heart and mind and memories.
Life loves the liver of it.
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. The way you think about a fact may defeat you before you ever do anything about it. You are overcome by the fact because you think you are.
He who has so little knowledge of human nature as to seek happiness by changing anything but his own disposition will waste his life in fruitless efforts.
When you pray for anyone you tend to modify your personal attitude toward him. You lift the relationship thereby to a higher level. The best in the other person begins to flow out toward you as your best flows toward him. In the meeting of the best in each a higher unity of understanding is established.
Winning is not a sometime thing, it's an all time thing. You don't win once in a while, you don't do things right once in a while, you do them right all the time. Winning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing.
There is a very fine line between loving life and being greedy for it.
The great secret, Eliza, is not having bad manners or good manners or any other particular sort of manners, but having the same manner for all human souls: in short, behaving as if you were in Heaven, where there are no third-class carriages, and one soul is as good as another.
Attitude is more important than the past, than education, than money, than circumstances, than what people do or say. It is more important than appearance, giftedness, or skill.
If you'd like to know how to get from the Big Apple to the Big Easy, take Highway Love, and you'll get there.
Winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything.
Between the optimist and the pessimist, the difference is droll. The optimist sees the doughnut; the pessimist the hole!
So our human life but dies down to its root, and still puts forth its green blade to eternity.
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome.
Every man is free to rise as far as he's able or willing, but the degree to which he thinks determines the degree to which he'll rise
Men always want to be a woman's first love. That is their clumsy vanity. We woman have a more subtle instinct about things. What we like is to be a man's last romance.
My life has been one great big joke, A dance that's walked, A song that's spoke, I laugh so hard I almost choke, When I think about myself.
If you simply take up the attitude of defending a mistake, there will no hope of improvement.
The man with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds
The best way to sell yourself to others is first to sell the others to yourself.
If a person gets his attitude toward money straight, it will help straighten out almost every other area in his life.
Never waste jealousy on a real man: it is the imaginary man that supplants us all in the long run.
Some have learnt many Tricks of sly Evasion, Instead of Truth they use Equivocation, And eke it out with mental Reservation, Which is to good Men an Abomination.
Life loves to be taken by the lapel and told: &quot;I'm with you kid. Let's go.
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult undertaking which, more than anything else, will determine its successful outcome.
Dying is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down.
When it looked like the sun wasn't going to shine any more, there's a rainbow in the clouds,
There go my people, I must hurry to catch up with them for I am their leader.
love builds up the broken walland straigtens the crooked path.love keeps the stars in the firmament and imposes rhythm on te ocean tideseach of us is created of itand i suspecteach of us was created for it
The main thing in one's own private world is to try to laugh as much as you cry.
Living a life is like constructing a building: if you start wrong, you'll end wrong.
Bondage is...subjection to external influences and internal negative thoughts and attitudes.
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.
Remember that failure is an event, not a person
Little men with little minds and little imaginations go through life in little ruts, smugly resisting all changes which would jar their little worlds
Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation.
My attitude is that if you push me towards something that you think is a weakness, then I will turn that perceived weakness into a strength.
The man who can make hard things easy is the educator.
When you put faith, hope and love together, you can raise positive kids in a negative world.
People do not seem to realize that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character.
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight; it's the size of the fight in the dog
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change.
If you don't see yourself as a winner, then you cannot perform as a winner.
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come.
You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.
Trust men and they will be true to you;  treat them greatly and they will show themselves great
When men speak ill of thee, live so as nobody may believe them.
Life is too short to spend your precious time trying to convince a person who wants to live in gloom and doom otherwise. Give lifting that person your best shot, but don't hang around long enough for his or her bad attitude to pull you down. Instead, surround yourself with optimistic people.
Are you a SNIOP? Someone who is Sensitive to the Negative Influence Of Others?
Our wretched species is so made that those who walk on the well-trodden path always throw stones at those who are showing a new road
As long as a man stands in his own way, everything seems to be in his way.
Life can be wildly tragic at times, and I've had my share. But whatever happens to you, you have to keep a slightly comic attitude. In the final analysis, you have got not to forget to laugh.
You cannot tailor make your situation in life, but you can tailor make your attitudes to fit those situations.
A painter told me that nobody could draw a tree without in some sort becoming a tree; or draw a child by studying the outlines of its form merely . . . but by watching for a time his motions and plays, the painter enters into his nature and can then draw him at every attitude . . .
When you are tough on yourself, life is going to be infinitely easier on you
Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street.
If you treat people right they will treat you right -- ninety percent of the time.
I should stop myself from dying if a good joke or a good idea occurred to me
A narrow mind and a fat head invariably come on the same person
I've always believed that anyone can achieve their dreams, regardless. I've always had this attitude about no excuses. A belief that I can go on and do what I need to do. To go on, to succeed, regardless.
Whether a glass is half full or half empty depends on the attitude of the person looking at it.
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
Optimism is the cheerful frame of mind that enables a teakettle to sing, though in hot water up to its nose.
One's greatest challenge is to control oneself.
I do believe that when we face challenges in life that are far beyond our own power, it's an opportunity to build on our faith, inner strength, and courage. I've learned that how we face challenges plays a big role in the outcome of them.
What would you do if you weren't afraid?
Don't worry about a thing, every little thing is gonna be alright
Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures.
We cannot change our past. We can not change the fact that people act in a certain way. We can not change the inevitable. The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have, and that is our attitude.
Interruptions can be viewed as sources of irritation or opportunities for service, as moments lost or experience gained, as time wasted or horizons widened. They can annoy us or enrich us, get under our skin or give us a shot in the arm. Monopolize our minutes or spice our schedules, depending on our attitude toward them.
Since the house is on fire let us warm ourselves
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
I believe the single most significant decision I can make on a day-to-day basis is my choice of attitude. It is more important than my past, my education, my bankroll, my successes or failures, fame or pain, what other people think of me or say about me, my circumstances, or my position. Attitude keeps me going or cripples my progress. It alone fuels my fire or assaults my hope. When my attitudes are right, there is no barrier too high, no valley too deep, no dream too extreme, no challenge too great for me.
Words can never adequately convey the incredible impact of our attitudes toward life. The longer I live the more convinced I become that life is 10 percent what happens to us and 90 percent how we respond to it.
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
Crime is terribly revealing. Try and vary your methods as you will, your tastes, your habits, your attitude of mind, and your soul is revealed by your actions.
The very first thing that you take out of your bag should be a good attitude, if not, you'll miss out on the most rewarding part of golf.
Never solve a problem from its original perspective.
Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new.
One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.
Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure.
The longer I live, the more I realize the impact of attitude on life. Attitude, to me, is more important than facts. It is more important than the past, the education, the money, than circumstances, than failure, than successes, than what other people think or say or do. It is more important than appearance, giftedness or skill. It will make or break a company... a church... a home. The remarkable thing is we have a choice everyday regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day. We cannot change our past... we cannot change the fact that people will act in a certain way. We cannot change the inevitable. The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have, and that is our attitude. I am convinced that life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. And so it is with you... we are in charge of our Attitudes.
A strong positive mental attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug.
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions.
In center field, you have free rein out there -- you have priority. He has that no-fear attitude. The ball goes up, and he's gone, going after balls with reckless abandon. He's aggressive and tries to get anything he can.
Those who are easily shocked should be shocked more often.
Sometimes we just need somebody to show us something that we don't see ourselves, and our lives would change forever
I'm black, I don't feel burdened by it and I don't think it's a huge responsibility. It's part of who I am. It does not define me.
Fairness is not an attitude. It's a professional skill that must be developed and exercised.
The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
I do not believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process.
Do not brood over your past mistakes and failures as this will only fill your mind with grief, regret and depression. Do not repeat them in the future.
Patience is the big thing, no doubt. Just seeing him and talking to him, I think he understands. His attitude is great.
Don't ever make the same mistake twice, unless it pays.
The winner persistently programs his pluses; the loser mournfully magnifies his minuses.
Morale and attitude are the fundamental ingredients to success.
Our attitude towards ourselves should be &quot;to be satiable in learning&quot; and towards others &quot;to be tireless in teaching.
Keep a green tree in your heart and perhaps a singing bird will come.
Live out of your imagination, not your history.
Effective employees need to be reliable and positive. Our culture supports teamwork. Having a positive attitude and displaying that to co-workers and customers sets the stage for a good outcome.
It's really easy to get down and out and have a bad attitude when things aren't going well, but that doesn't help you,
Always start the day with a positive attitude. Create a bright attitude by listening to upbeat music, exercising in the morning, playing with your children or pets and avoiding stressful situations whenever possible. Maintaining a positive attitude is one simple technique for creating top-notch customer service that will set your casino apart from the competition.
I believe that every single event in life happens in an opportunity to choose love over fear.
This is the precept by which I have lived: Prepare for the worst; expect the best; and take what comes.
We are very disappointed in Stevie's attitude. I'm stressed about it. Stevie was virtually given the keys to run the team this season ? and now he's gone.
Forgiveness is not an occasional act: it is an attitude.
His attitude has been outstanding. I've never sat and wondered about where his focus was.
A loving person lives in a loving world. A hostile person lives in a hostile world; everyone you meet is your mirror.
You'll get incarcerated with a bad attitude.
He's going to be so much further ahead of the other guys, his attitude has to be it's his job and he's not going to relinquish it. I think A.J. realizes that no matter who comes in it's his job to keep in terms of hustling, making plays, not making mental mistakes. So his opportunity is golden.
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude.
They can encourage residents to not go to the Treasure Coast mall all they want. That whole attitude just goes to show the immaturity. I'm saying this with the utmost respect. That's just not the answer. I don't understand why they don't want to play in the sand box. Port St. Lucie is not an island.
Tomorrow we've got to show up with the same attitude, with the same desire and with the same approach we did today.
The attitude that I have now, is, no matter what I do, I'm going to go for it because, you know, it could be over,
All ideas come about through some sort of observation. It sparks an attitude; some object or emotion causes a reaction in the other person.
Some men have thousands of reasons why they cannot do what they want to, when all they need is one reason why they can.
It hurt us earlier in the season. Later this season guys started getting rid of the (selfish) attitude and started fighting for each other.
Attitude is your acceptance of the natural laws, or your rejection of the natural laws.
I do the best I can. If that's not good enough, then I'll leave. That's always been my attitude.
When we create something, we always create it first in a thought form. If we are basically positive in attitude, expecting and envisioning pleasure, satisfaction and happiness, we will attract and create people, situations, and events which conform to our positive expectations.
He always comes in with a 'Take over, I can do it' attitude.
The only difference between a Good Day And a Bad Day Is your ATTITUDE!
Happiness is an attitude of mind, born of the simple determination to be happy under all outward circumstances.
It's how you deal with failure that determines how you achieve success.
We respect everyone and fear no one. We like to keep that kind of attitude.
A cloudy day is no match for a sunny disposition.
Walking backwards is a lot like life. You can't really see where you going, only where you've been. You can kinda know where you are going, but you never know exactly what's ahead.
You can tell it's bothering him a little bit. But he has a positive attitude about things because we're 3-2.
One and one is two, and two and two is four, and five will get you ten if you know how to work it.
They say you can't do it, but sometimes it doesn't always work.
Our attitude towards ourselves should be ''to be satiable in learning'' and towards others ''to be tireless in teaching.''
There is more than a verbal tie between the words common, community, and communication.... Try the experiment of communicating, with fullness and accuracy, some experience to another, especially if it be somewhat complicated, and you will find your own attitude toward your experience changing.
Let's not be narrow, nasty, and negative.
I don't look at the passport of people, I look at their quality and their attitude.
I've never said 'why me?'. That's life. I try to keep a positive attitude. If you start feeling sorry for yourself, that's when it gets bad.
There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. That little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative.
If you look for the positive things in life; you will find them.
Irritation in the heart of a believer is always an invitation to the devil to stand by.
Two-minute attitude drill: To everyone: You can trust me. I'm committed to excellence. I care about you as a person. EVERY DAY: Do good. Do your best. Treat others as you would be treated. FOR TODAY: Nothing negative will escape my lips.
Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one
Don't introduce me to that man! I want to go on hating him, and I can't hate a man whom I know.
Sometimes attitude gets in the way of common sense. So if someone gets locked up, it's what they wanted, not what we wanted. We don't get a rush out of taking people to jail.
Each experience through which we pass operates ultimately for our good. This is a correct attitude to adopt and we must be able to see it in that light.
My attitude is I respect all, fear none.
I am responsible. Although I may not be able to prevent the worst from happening, I am responsible for my attitude toward the inevitable misfortunes that darken life. Bad things do happen; how I respond to them defines my character and the quality of my life. I can choose to sit in perpetual sadness, immobilized by the gravity of my loss, or I can choose to rise from the pain and treasure the most precious gift I have  life itself.
Your attitude determines your altitude.
One truly cannot be described, If the one doing the describing Has a bad attitude.
Attitudes are contagious. Is yours worth catching?
Freedom's enemies are waste, lethargy, indifference, immorality, and the insidious attitude of something for nothing.
You can either fold or stand up and be counted. That attitude is inbred in all of us.
The true test of character is not how much we know how to do, but how we behave when we don't know what to do.
Attitudes are more important than facts.
My attitude bright &amp; bold tattooed - Ready to ride the wave of positive momentum. Negative disabled.
If you are truly persevering in virtue, what is the place of a haughty attitude? The cow which has no milk will not be purchased, even though equipped with a pleasant-sounding bell.
Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us.
Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life; not so much by what happens to you as by the way your mind looks at what happens.
The greatest discovery of my generation is that man can alter his life simply by altering his attitude of mind.
The remarkable thing is, we have a choice everyday regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day.
The grateful mind is constantly fixed upon the best. Therefore, it tends to become the best; it takes the form or character of the best and will receive the best.
In all the work we do, our most valuable asset can be the attitude of self-examination. It is forgivable to make mistakes, but to stand fast behind a wall of self-righteousness and make the same mistake twice is not forgivable.
I never expect to lose. Even when I'm the underdog, I still prepare a victory speech.
We contend that you have to keep a positive attitude. Luck follows those who are persistent and patient. You just keep your hook in the water and hope for the best.
I know there’s the attitude that these guys have been around a long time and eventually they’ll perform the way they previously performed, but that hasn’t happened with some of these guys, and when that’s the case, you ought to be more willing to take risks and make changes.
There's an attitude you can only get through winning. Winning makes you believe that you can win again and again.
I happen to feel that the degree of a person's intelligence is directly reflected by the number of conflicting attitudes she can bring to bear on the same topic.
You don't necessarily have to be in love with this weather to get through it well. It's about attitude. Instead of seeing a gray sky and thinking gray equals bleak and sad and depressing, try something else. Try, when the skies are gray, there's a somber beauty to the landscape. Put a positive spin on it.
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.
