Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there.
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper.
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.
The value of a man should be seen in what he gives and not in what he is able to receive.
The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another.
Men often become what they believe themselves to be. If I believe I cannot do something, it makes me incapable of doing it. But when I believe I can, then I acquire the ability to do it even if I didn't have it in the beginning.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated. Please remember that your difficulties do not define you. They simply strengthen your ability to overcome.
Surely God would not have created such a being as man, with an ability to grasp the infinite, to exist only for a day! No, no, man was made for immortality.
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Between persons of equal income there is no social distinction except the distinction of merit. Money is nothing: character, conduct, and capacity are everything. There would be great people and ordinary people and little people, but the great would always be those who had done great things, and never the idiots whose mothers had spoiled them and whose fathers had left them a hundred thousand a year; and the little would be persons of small minds and mean characters, and not poor persons who had never had a chance. That is why idiots are always in favor of inequality of income (their only chance of eminence), and the really great in favor of equality.
Wealth is the ability to fully experience life.
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestioning ability of man to evaluate his life by a conscious endeavor
Natural ability without education has more often raised a man to glory and virtue than education without natural ability.
A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, leaves before she is left and forgets before she is forgotten.
Only a virtuous people are capable of freedom. As nations become corrupt and vicious, they have more need of masters.
While we may not be able to control all that happens to us, we can control what happens inside us.
I've got a woman's ability to stick to a job and get on with it when everyone else walks off and leaves it.
Out of my lean and low abilityI'll lend you something.
I think all students start off with incredible ability and curiosity, and if they're given the opportunity to pursue that, if they're given a chance to see the neat things about the world in terms that they can appreciate and enjoy, that their abilities will be reinforced and that we'll really achieve so much more potential out of the great students we have than we do today.
Anybody can write the first line of a poem, but is a very difficult task to make the second line rhyme with the first
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
My own luck has been curious all my literary life; I never could tell a lie that anyone would doubt, not a truth that anybody would believe.
The ability to innovate Windows, the ability to maintain the integrity of Windows as a fully designed product -- those are important to us, ... As long as we can keep those intact, it would be great to settle the thing.
People are always blaming their circumstances for what they are. I don't believe in circumstances. The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and if they can't find them, make them
Unity to be real must stand the severest strain without breaking
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result.
[Smart] is an elusive concept. There's a certain sharpness, an ability to absorb new facts. To ask an insightful question. To relate to domains that may not seem connected at first. A certain creativity that allows people to be effective.
The finest emotion of which we are capable is the mystic emotion
I never could tell a lie that anybody would doubt, nor a truth that anybody would believe.
Aptitude found in the understanding and is often inherited. Genius coming from reason and imagination, rarely.
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.
The first half of life consists of the capacity to enjoy without the chance; the last half of life consists of the chance without the capacity
As life is action and passion, it is required of a man that he should share the passion and action of his time, at the peril of being not to have lived.
If I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning.
Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err. It passes my comprehension how human beings, be they ever so experienced and able, can delight in depriving other human beings of that precious right.
Tact is the ability to describe others as they see themselves.
Life has been compared to a race, but the allusion improves by observing, that the most swift are usually the least manageable and the most likely to stray from the course. Great abilities have always been less serviceable to the possessors than moderate ones.
A genius can't be forced; nor can you make an ape an alderman.
Peace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means.
The extent of your consciousness is limited only by your ability to love and to embrace with your love the space around you, and all it contains
All lovers swear more performance than they are able, and yet reserve an ability that they never perform; vowing more than the perfection of ten, and discharging less than the tenth part of one.
You can never underestimate the ability of the Democrats to wet their finger and hold it to the wind.
Natural abilities can almost compensate for the want of every kind of cultivation, but no cultivation of the mind can make up for the want of natural abilities.
Whatever you do may seem insignificant, but it is most important that you do it
Ability is a poor man's wealth.
'My friends, we live in the greatest nation in the history of the world. I hope you'll join with me as we try to change it.'
There are no grades of vanity, there are only grades of ability in concealing it
I claim to be an average man of less than average ability. I have not the shadow of a doubt that any man or woman can achieve what I have, if he or she would make the same effort and cultivate the same hope and faith.
Perseverance is a principle that should be commendable in those who have judgment to govern it
You shouldn't try to teach a pig to sing. You waste your time and it annoys the pig.
He that can travel well afoot, keeps a good horse
But I am afraid that we are beginning to be over-educated; at least everybody who is incapable of learning has taken to teaching
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece.
To succeed in the other trades, capacity must be shown; in the law, concealment of it will do
Martyrdom, sir, is what these people like; it is the only way in which a man can become famous without ability
If you give people tools, [and they use] their natural ability and their curiosity, they will develop things in ways that will surprise you very much beyond what you might have expected.
The world was my oyster but I used the wrong fork - Oscar Wilde
Tis skill, not strength, that governs a ship.
With people of only moderate ability modesty is mere honesty;  but with those who possess great talent it is hypocrisy
The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems
Nothing has such power to broaden the mind as the ability to investigate systematically and truly all that comes under thy observation in life.
I am very sorry, but I cannot learn languages. I have tried hard, only to find that men of ordinary capacity can learn Sanskrit in less time that it takes me to buy a German Dictionary
In spite of his practical ability, some of his experience had petrified into maxims and quotations.
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said that I didn't know.
We must not promise what we ought not, lest we be called on to perform what we cannot
Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.
I sometimes think that God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability
It is not the answer you look for that makes you strong. It's the ways that you take that define who you are and what you can do.
The very key to our success has been our ability, foremost among nations, to preserve our lasting values by making change work for us rather than against us.
The price of ability does not depend on merit, but on supply and demand.
The arrival of lots of low-cost microprocessors (and) the ability to connect those together with a fairly high-speed data network has led to an exciting new way of thinking about running these high-end applications,
The arrival of lots of low-cost microprocessors (and) the ability to connect those together with a fairly high-speed data network has led to an exciting new way of thinking about running these high-end applications.
All endeavor calls for the ability to tramp the last mile, shape the last plan, endure the last hours toil. The fight to the finish spirit is the one... characteristic we must posses if we are to face the future as finishers.
The man who can make hard things easy is the educator.
Endurance is not just the ability to bear a hard thing, but to turn it into glory.
Commerce is a game of skill which everyone cannot play and few can play well.
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
People with great gifts are easy to find, but symmetrical and balanced ones never.
With realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world.
Nature arms each man with some faculty which enables him to do easily some feat impossible to any other
We all live amid surfaces, and the true art is to skate well on them.
The proof that you know something is that you are able to teach it
That man is idle who can do something better
What distinguishes the majority of men from the few is their ability to act according to their beliefs
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have.
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function.
My chief want in life is someone who shall make me do what I can
Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we can.
All resources are not obvious; great managers find and develop available talent.
They should rule who are able to rule best.
The superior man is distressed by the limitations of his ability; he is not distressed by the fact that men do not recognize the ability that he has.
Those people who develop the ability to continuously acquire new and better forms of knowledge that they can apply to their work and to their lives will be the movers and shakers in our society for the indefinite future.
Others have done it before me. I can, too.
The superior man is distressed by his want of ability
Insist on yourself; never imitate. Your own gift you can present every moment with the cumulative force of a whole life's cultivation; but of the adopted talent of another you have only an extemporaneous half possession.
The ability to deal with people is as purchasable a commodity as sugar or coffee and I will pay more for that ability than for any other under the sun.
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all.
The power which resides in man is new in nature, and none but he knows what that is which he can do, nor does he know until he has tried.
I consider my ability to arouse enthusiasm among men the greatest asset I possess. The way to develop the best that is in a man is by appreciation and encouragement.
Honesty is the cornerstone of all success, without which confidence and ability to perform shall cease to exist.
So far as a person thinks; they are free.
With a sort of mental squint.
The man who acquires the ability to take full possession of his own mind may take possession of anything else to which he is justly entitled.
No amount of ability is of the slightest avail without honor.
Friendship demands the ability to do without it.
The measure of a master is his success in bringing all men round to his opinion twenty years later
Man's greatness consists in his ability to do and the proper application of his powers to things needed to be done.
He is his own best friend, and takes delight in privacy whereas the man of no virtue or ability is his own worst enemy and is afraid of solitude
The average person puts only 25% of his energy and ability into his work. The world takes off its hat to those who put in more than 50% of their capacity, and stands on its head for those few and far between souls who devote 100%.
Your greatest asset is your earning ability. Your greatest resource is your time.
One must be an inventor to read well. There is then creative reading as well as creative writing.
You will make a lousy anybody else, but you are the best you in existence. You are the only one who can use your ability. It is an awesome responsibility.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude
Genius is the ability to put into effect what is on your mind.
You must have the devil in you to succeed in any of the arts
The manly part is to do with might and main what you can do
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over.
I never doubted my ability, but when you hear all your life you're inferior, it makes you wonder if the other guys have something you've never seen before. If they do, I'm still looking for it.
We continue to recognize the greater ability of some to earn more than others. But we do assert that the ambition of the individual to obtain for him a proper security is an ambition to be preferred to the appetite for great wealth and great power.
Happiness can be defined, in part at least, as the fruit of the desire and ability to sacrifice what we want now for what we want eventually
The best we can do is size up the chances, calculate the risks involved, estimate our ability to deal with them, and then make our plans with confidence.
Maturity is the ability to reap without apology and not complain when things don't go well.
Accountability breeds response-ability.
He has outstanding ability. He's played in the Premiership and can go past people. Fans love to see players take people on and that's what he does - he's a real handful.
I'm hoping the backlash is over. We've been going through that for the past eight years.
Immigrants are really trying to be present and visible in their opposition to the bill.
We've grown up watching them and looking up to them as role models.
On most nights when we've lost we've been pretty happy with our effort. It's never been a problem, but tonight it certainly wasn't one of our best games.
The way they had the room that I was in set up, there was some sort of sound deadening platform that I had to stand on in order to get close enough to the microphone.
Maturity is: The ability to stick with a job until it's finished; The ability to do a job without being supervised; The ability to carry money without spending it; and The ability to bear an injustice without wanting to get even
Change will never happen when people lack the ability and courage to see themselves for who they are.
If I were given the opportunity to present a gift to the next generation, it would be the ability for each individual to learn to laugh at himself.
We are confident in the ability of all these guys, and we think they will give us some good innings throughout the season.
The more anger towards the past you carry in your heart, the less capable you are of loving in the present.
Strength is the ability to break a chocolate bar into four pieces with your bare hands - and then eat just one of those pieces
The difference between one man and another is not mere ability - it is energy
The sign of an intelligent people is their ability to control their emotions by the application of reason
People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not.
Genius might be the ability to say a profound thing in a simple way.
God does not ask about our ability, but our availability.
A good boss makes his men realize they have more ability than they think they have so that they consistently do better work than they thought they could
Asking 'who ought to be the boss' is like asking 'who ought to be the tenor in the quartet?' Obviously, the man who can sing tenor.
Self-respect is the fruit of discipline; the sense of dignity grows with the ability to say no to oneself.
The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief.
People can't live with change if there's not a changeless core inside them. The key to the ability to change is a changeless sense of who you are, what you are about and what you value.
The main driver behind this type of partnership would be the ability to give our kids access to community college classes on their back doorstep.
Cody will be very versatile in the offensive line with his work ethic, strength, and athletic ability.
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
Many people pray to be kept out of unexpected problems.Some people pray to be able to confront and overcome them.
I know I am a good contributor and I back my ability.
Sophistication might be described as the ability to cope gracefully with a situation involving the presence of a formidable menace to one's poise and prestige (such as the butler, or the man under the bed -- but never the husband).
Developers now have the ability to use the power and sophistication of Eclipse to build on-demand applications. We are excited not only to bring our developer community the benefits of the Eclipse Platform for their projects today, but also to help Eclipse developers eager to embrace the power and flexibility of the on-demand model.
Kerry is a marquee quarterback and has the ability to lead on and off the field. We are confident that Kerry will pick up where he left off last season and will be comfortable with us.
In fact, people have been very complimentary about my act and very tolerant of my singing ability.
Peak performers see the ability to manage change as a necessity in fulfilling their missions
Man compared to nature is a woman.
We respect Band Aid's ability to raise so much money for relief efforts, but their lyrics seem so misguided and inappropriate. Africa isn't a land 'where nothing ever grows' and 'no rain nor river flows.' And how are lines such as, 'Well, tonight, thank God it's them instead of you' supposed to be helpful?
He's definitely got the potential. It's early in his career to make a prediction, but he has the physical ability and a good arm, and he's a smart kid.
In the laboratory, our researchers have been very impressed with the ability of these extracts to slow the growth of prostate cancer cells and interfere with the cancer cell cycle, ... promising anti-prostate cancer activity.
The Panthers have the ability the run the football, and they have the best front four in the league.
Consumers view high gas prices as a threat to their living standards and a threat to the ability of the economy to create new jobs.
People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to.
I know I have the ability to do so much more than just stand in front of the camera the rest of my life.
A woman may develop wrinkles and cellulite, lose her waistline, her bustline, her ability to bear a child, even her sense of humor, but none of that implies a loss of her sexuality, her femininity
It's wonderful to play in a side like Milan where there is the ability to react to difficult moments and bring the best out of ourselves.
We respect Band Aid's ability to raise so much money for relief efforts, but their lyrics seem so misguided and inappropriate. Africa isn't a land 'where nothing ever grows' and 'no rain nor river flows.' And how are lines such as 'Well tonight thank God it's them instead of you' supposed to be helpful?
They who lack talent expect things to happen without effort. They ascribe failure to a lack of inspiration or ability, or to misfortune, rather than to insufficient application. At the core of every true talent there is an awareness of the difficulties inherent in any achievement, and the confidence that by persistence and patience something worthwhile will be realized. Thus talent is a species of vigor.
When I got the job at Vanderbilt, he was our batboy. Cat had an uncanny ability to win things in the little fair-type games. He was always winning everything at the fair and whatever, and he'd bring the giant teddy bears to my kids.
Rusty earned the respect and admiration of fellow drivers and fans with his engaging personality and unquestioned racing ability - attributes that will continue to entertain race fans.
We expressed to them our concern of the ability to house people if it rains and whether there were enough safeguards for some of the bands with their electrical equipment outside.
Since the ability to refinance or restructure debt is one of the incremental drivers of a profit trough, the importance of this policy change cannot be overemphasized.
Unfortunately, your reputation often rests not on your ability to do what you say, but rather on your ability to do what people expect.
Leslie will add dept up front to our lineup. She has the ability to make an immediate impact and will push the other forwards for playing time. She has a knack for finding the goal and is deceptively quick.
I think there's not enough made about the chemistry of a team and the ability of everybody to pull on the same end of the rope and worry about what matters, and that's wins.
His presence and ability to do some damage can help get this offense clicking.
What we lack in height we make up for in jumping ability. I think I've got some great little athletes in the packages they're in.
First of all, you must have the ability to run the football and take care of the ball offensively.
A lot of organizations that train their employees through our coursework really value the ability to integrate a Cornell executive education experience into their training initiative. They get a high level of service from us, just like they have come to expect from an Ivy League university. And just because there is a greater reach, doesn't mean your admission standards change. You're looking for a certain quality of student who is going to interact in your program.
Since the ability to refinance or restructure debt is one of the incremental drivers of a profit trough, the importance of this policy change cannot be overemphasized,
We believe people will benefit from the ability to not just view a page, but to easily act on that data in contextually relevant ways, both online in the search experience and in the applications they are using.
Even when repressed, inequality grows; only the man who is below the average in economic ability desires equality; those who are conscious of superior ability desire freedom, and in the end superior ability has its way
We remain confident about Guidant's ability to rebuild ... market share. But that rebuilding will involve time, resolve and resources,
Technology shifts are not unusual in this business, but what sets Cabletron apart is our ability to anticipate changing customer requirements,
Overall I thought he played very very well. He's got the ability to change plays out there for us and he did some things there that I liked as well. He's such a competitor. When he's running the ball, people are going to realize he's a threat there as well. I feel kind of blessed having quarterbacks who hurt people a lot of different ways the last couple years.
Time goes by, reputation increases, ability declines.
One of the greatest discoveries a man makes, one of his greatest surprises, is to find he can do what he was afraid he couldn't
raises serious concerns about the ability of this administration to protect the safety of our nation's food supply.
All three projects for Nintendo reveal Smashing Ideas' flair for creativity, and ability to engage young, tech-savvy computer users. They're outstanding individual projects, and even when viewed separately, easily discernible as the work of Smashing Ideas.
Saturday's win enhances our reputation and ability to attract a bigger supporter base. Another factor is that we've already had three million free-to-air (television) viewers this year, and that gives you satisfied corporate sponsors and satisfied members throughout Australia.
I observed Anthony at the MLS Player Combine and was very impressed with his ability to play smoothly out of the back. I am confident he could come in here and make a difference immediately.
I always thought I could play pro ball. I had confidence in my ability, You have to. If you don't who will?
Software patents are a huge potential threat to the ability of people to work together on open source. Making it easier for companies and communities that have patents to make those patents available in a common pool for people to use is one way to try to help developers deal with the threat.
Does Iraq have weapons of mass destruction today? Does Iraq possess the ability to produce weapons of mass destruction? The answer is no,
We're excited about it. Anytime someone puts forth a challenge grant, that really does enhance your ability to raise money from other sources.
Enjoying success requires the ability to adapt. Only by being open to change will you have a true opportunity to get the most from your talent.
The addition of US Airways will greatly improve United's ability to serve customers in the East and to open its worldwide network to them.
has shaken the public's confidence in the ability of government at all levels to protect them in a crisis.
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one's values.
Keep away from those who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you believe that you too can become great.
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything.
Things may come to those who wait...but only the things left by those who hustle.
If you put off everything till you're sure of it, you'll never get anything done.
What we have once enjoyed we can never lose. All that we love deeply becomes a part of us.
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?
I'm looking forward to eventually becoming a marvelous - excuse the word marvelous - character actress. Like Marie Dressler, like Will Rogers.
Only on paper has humanity yet achieved glory, beauty, truth, knowledge, virtue, and abiding love.
Great things are done when men and mountains meet
It shows exactly what you can do if you're a total psychotic.
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning.
You cannot believe in honor until you have achieved it, better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.
Students achieving Oneness will move on to Twoness.
The value of achievement lies in the achieving.
Look at a day when you are supremely satisfied at the end. It's not a day when you lounge around doing nothing; it's when you've had everything to do, and you've done it.
You will soon break the bow if you keep it always stretched.
The starting point of all achievement is desire. Weak desire brings weak results.
Its easier to stay out than get out
In Hollywood a girl's virtue is much less important than her hairdo. You're judged by how you look, not by what you are. Hollywood's a place where they'll pay you a thousand dollars for kiss, and fifty cents for your soul. I know, because I turned down the first offer often enough and held out for the fifty.
Man can climb to the highest summits, but he cannot dwell there long.
Because a thing seems difficult for you, do not think it impossible for anyone to accomplish.
There is nothing that saps one's confidence as the knowing how to do a thing
Somehow I can't believe that there are any heights that can't be scaled by a man who knows the secrets of making dreams come true. This special secret, it seems to me, can be summarized in four C s. They are curiosity, confidence, courage, and constancy, and the greatest of all is confidence. When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.
A man may fulfill the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer, and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve it through not dying.
The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle.
A man has to work so hard so that something of his personality stays alive. A tomcat has it so easy, he has only to spray and his presence is there for years on rainy days.
Fresh air is good if you do not take too much of it; most of the achievements and pleasures of life are in bad air.
Achievement of your happiness is the only moral purpose of your life, and that happiness, not pain or mindless self-indulgence, is the proof of your moral integrity, since it is the proof and the result of your loyalty to the achievement of your values.
The man who is dissatisfied with himself, what can he do?
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
The mode in which the inevitable comes to pass is through effort.
To spend life for something which outlasts it.
My illusions didn't have anything to do with being a fine actress. I knew how third rate I was. I could actually feel my lack of talent, as if it were cheap clothes I was wearing inside. But, my God, how I wanted to learn, to change, to improve!
All great achievements require time.
With the catching ends the pleasure of the chase
...It is hard to overestimate how far a man can go in America if he looks good on a horse.
Let us in education dream of an aristocracy of achievement arising out of a democracy of opportunity
It’s never too late to be who you might have been!
The love of heaven makes one heavenly.
It is easier to stay out than get out.
How my achievements mock me!
Encore implies that life is not a continuous process, that there's some sort of finite number of achievements that defines your life. For me, there are a lot of exciting things in front of me at Microsoft, things that we want to see if we can make ha
To get the right word in the right place is a rare achievement. To condense the diffused light of a page of thought into the luminous flash of a single sentence, is worthy to rank as a prize composition just by itself...Anybody can have ideas--the difficulty is to express them without squandering a quire of paper on an idea that ought to be reduced to one glittering paragraph.
The starting point of all achievement is desire
Achievement brings its own anticlimax.
I am always doing things I can't do, that's how I get to do them.
No great achievement is possible without persistent work.
An achievement is a bondage. It obliges one to a higher achievement.
Life affords no higher pleasure than that of surmounting difficulties, passing from one step of success to another, forming new wishes and seeing them gratified.
I'm glad I did it, partly because it was worth it, but mostly because I shall never have to do it again
The greatest accomplishment is not in never falling, but in rising again after you fall.
I long to accomplish a great and noble task; but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble
[That was the speech -- delivered under a banner reading] Mission Accomplished ... Major combat operations in Iraq have ended.
All the breaks you need in life wait within your imagination, Imagination is the workshop of your mind, capable of turning mind energy into accomplishment and wealth.
That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.
If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want.
The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
None of us will ever accomplish anything excellent or commanding except when he listens to this whisper which is heard by him alone.
Everybody keeps telling me how surprised they are with what I've done. But I'm telling you honestly that it doesn't surprise me. I knew I could do it.
Happiness... it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
They are not following dharma who resort to violence to achieve their purpose. But those who lead others through nonviolent means, knowing right and wrong, may be called guardians of the dharma.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
When a resolute young fellow steps up to the great bully, the world, and takes him boldly by the beard, he is often surprised to find it comes off in his hand, and that it was only tied on to scare away the timid adventurers.
A goal properly set is halfway reached.
Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be.
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
Envy is the tax which all distinction must pay.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow.
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
You must do the thing you think you cannot do
Every great achievement is the victory of a flaming heart.
If you want to reach a goal, you must 'see the reaching' in your own mind before you actually arrive at your goal.
Oh man! There is no planet sun or star could hold you, if you but knew what you are.
Do not be desirous of having things done quickly. Do not look at small advantages. Desire to have things done quickly prevents their being done thoroughly. Looking at small advantages prevents great affairs from being accomplished.
Men achieve a certain greatness unawares, when working to another aim.
First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end.
All men seek one goal : success or happiness. The only way to achieve true success is to express yourself completely in service to society. First, have a definite, clear, practical ideal-a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achie
The measure of a man is the way he bears up under misfortune.
Having Buzz there is a great achievement, he was on the first moon landing alongside Neil Armstrong, so getting his signature on a beautiful panoramic photograph will be an historical item to treasure.
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by standing in one's own sunshine
You get whatever accomplishment you are willing to declare.
We do not believe in ourselves until someone reveals that deep inside us something is valuable, worth listening to, worthy of our trust, sacred to our touch. Once we believe in ourselves we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight or any experience that reveals the human spirit.
People ask me if I could fly, I said, &quot;yeah.... for a little while.
[But longtime friend and competitor Robert Johnson, who founded BET, says,] To me, his achievements would rival those of any business person in America, ... He had charisma, tenacity and passion to convince people that there was such a thing as a black consumer market.
It's your aptitude, not just your attitude that determines your ultimate altitude.
Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success. A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you. Achieve! Achieve!
Nor is it always in the most distinguished achievements that men's virtues or vices may be best discovered; but very often an action of small note, a short saying, or a jest, shall distinguish a person's real character more than the greatest sieges,
Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved.
The day is always his, who works in it with serenity and great aims.
Not only is this the greatest achievement of Taiwan's democracy, it is also the pride of Taiwan,
For what is the best choice, for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve.
Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. Some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day; begin it well and serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.
Always do what you are afraid to do.
Love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well.
A hero is born among a hundred, a wise man is found among a thousand, but an accomplished one might not be found even among a hundred thousand men.
We've grown up watching them and looking up to them as role models.
We didn't find any other victims inside,
It was a lot of fun. I was proud of the way we responded. Every game, we've had one bad inning and we didn't respond.
Achievement - You can do anything you set your mind to when you have vision, determination, and an endless supply of expendable labor.
Not the maker of plans and promises, but rather the one who offers faithful service in small matters. This is the person who is most likely to achieve what is good and lasting.
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best.
The achievement of your goal is assured the moment you commit yourself to it.
What looks like a loss may be the very event which is subsequently responsible for helping to produce the major achievement of your life
It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things works. All good things are difficult to achieve; and bad things are very easy to get.
Big thinking precedes great achievement.
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
Nothing splendid has ever been achieved except by those who dared believe that something inside of them was superior to circumstances
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently.
If today was the day you were finally going to win, did you show up?
This is not a partisan committee. The congressman has never treated it like that, and its many achievements are reflective of that commitment.
No man in the past, present or future can manage time!! Every man in the past, present and future could/can manage ‘work’. Time marches on...
We end today a period of ill fortune and India discovers herself again.  The achievement we celebrate today is but a step, an opening of opportunity, to the greater triumphs and achievements that await us. Are we brave enough and wise enough to grasp this opportunity and accept the challenge of the future?
Freedom is an internal achievement rather than an external adjustment.
Despite those solid gains, improvement haven't come as far and fast as we would have liked, and the achievement gains remains disturbing.
Any time you sincerely want to make a change, the first thing you must do is to raise your standards. When people ask me what really changed my life eight years ago, I tell them that absolutely the most important thin was changing what I demanded of myself. I wrote down all the things I would no longer accept in my life, all the things I would no longer tolerate, and all the things that I aspired to becoming.
Achievement results from work realizing ambition.
The higher we soar, the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly.
The awards event was a rare opportunity for our Prudential family to come together and honor each other's achievements.
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records.
There are eight words or references that light up employers' eyes: languages, computer, experience, achievement, hard-working, overseas experience, flexible, and task-oriented.
The best current evidence is that media are mere vehicles that deliver instruction but do not influence student achievement any more than the truck that delivers groceries causes change in our nutrition.
Nothing is as difficult as to achieve results in this world if one is filled full of great tolerance and the milk of human kindness. The person who achieves must generally be a one-idea individual, concentrated entirely on that one idea, and ruthless in his aspect toward other men and other ideas.
Nike soccer represents one of our top three businesses today, an incredible achievement from where we started in 1994. We have great momentum. In the past four years, we have more than doubled Nike's soccer business worldwide, and we have established brand leadership in the hearts and minds of consumers. We are confident that Nike product innovation and our connection to players and consumers will continue to drive significant growth.
It's a classic example of our athletes showing their great achievement under the right training environment.
Mama exhorted her children at every opportunity to 'jump at the sun.' We might not land on the sun, but at least we would get off the ground.
You are rewarding a teacher poorly if you remain always a pupil.
I believe life is constantly testing us for our level of commitment, and life's greatest rewards are reserved for those who demonstrate a never-ending commitment to act until they achieve. This level of resolve can move mountains, but it must be constant and consistent. As simplistic as this may sound, it is still the common denominator separating those who live their dreams from those who live in regret.
I am slightly biased, but I think it is an incredible achievement -- the last great aviation record left.
These settlements represent the latest in a series of achievements aimed at resolving significant claims in Enron's bankruptcy proceedings. We are pleased that these settlements enable us to collect additional value for the creditors, and, at the same time, resolve claims against the estate so that we can accelerate distributions to all creditors.
It's a significant achievement to win away from home. Winning on the road has not exactly been our forte this year.
One reason so few of us achieve what we truly want is that we never direct our focus; we never concentrate our power. Most people dabble their way through life, never deciding to master anything in particular.
One of the great lessons I've learned in athletics is that you've got to discipline your life. No matter how good you may be, you've got to be willing to cut out of your life those things that keep you from going to the top.
That would lead to a number of issues. We would lose a number of achievements that we have received. I say very clearly, first, whoever votes for the plan, supports me, whoever votes against the plan, votes against me.
To get into the semi-finals of the Uefa Cup is a fantastic achievement, but to do it in that manner is incredible.
If life were measured by accomplishments, most of us would die in infancy.
I'm no angel, but I've spread my wings a bit.
Students today are a pretty solemn lot. One of the really notable achievements of the twentieth century has been to make the young old before their time.
Passing the 7 million milestone was a tremendous achievement for our state's visitor industry, and we are also pleased to achieve an all-time high of $11.5 billion in expenditures. These milestones reflect the quality and professionalism of everyone involved in the visitor industry.
This is a real environmental and health achievement and I pay tribute to all those governments, companies and others such as the World Bank who kept this promise.
The award is for organization-wide achievement, requiring concerted effort by all levels of the organization - your board, management team, employees and medical staff - to achieve excellence. Your selection is based on objective statistical measurement of objective statistical measurement of performance across five critical areas: clinical outcomes, patent safety, operational efficiency, financial stability and growth.
This is an achievement we will remember forever. The kids, the parents and the community are set for life.
For them, that's an achievement. To the extent that they still can generate some traffic and higher price points, they are generating better sales figures. They seem to be doing better in terms of their merchandising efforts and the basics of just running the business.
This is a real environmental and health achievement.
The wins and the achievements are shallow victories compared with what you do, or what you feel, when you can help someone else, and to see the impact. It was great to win The Players Championship. It was great to be in the top 30, and be on the winning team at the Presidents Cup. But it doesn't feel nearly as good as how it felt today.
The journey is the reward.
My top priority is raising student achievement, and I'm going to be as flexible as I possibly can to help all students, ... This is about children's futures and ensuring that New York City's parents have as many options as possible for their children. In exchange for more flexibility, New York City has committed to being accountable for making high-quality academic help available to more students, which will lead to increased achievement.
Everyone in Hollywood wants to be thin. It is a sign of achievement. And the tabloids keep constant track of who's the thinnest and what the weight watch is and if you gain a few pounds in Hollywood it's suddenly seen as a crisis.
I don't know what makes someone hip. The goal is artist achievement and the best work we can do with no limitation.
We are as excited as we can be for Adam. To be the first player selected is an outstanding achievement and a testament to the work Adam put in this past year.
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.
My warmest congratulations to you, the England cricket team and all in the squad for the magnificent achievement of regaining the Ashes.
Goals are a means to an end, not the ultimate purpose of our lives. They are simply a tool to concentrate our focus and move us in a direction. The only reason we really pursue goals is to cause ourselves to expand and grow. Achieving goals by themselves will never make us happy in the long term; it's who you become, as you overcome the obstacles necessary to achieve your goals, that can give you the deepest and most long-lasting sense of fulfillment.
Think little goals and expect little achievements. Think big goals and win big success.
You have to love what you do to want to do it everyday.
It is not by muscle, speed, or physical dexterity that great things are achieved, but by reflection, force of character, and judgment
The landscape of achievement has changed dramatically. Since 1997, the increase in standards and in quality of teaching and learning has been dramatic and sustained.
[Small wonder, then, that it was named] Cookbook of the Year ... an important achievement in the field of culinary history.
There is, first, the desire for strength, for achievement, for adequacy, for confidence in the face of the world, and for independence and freedom. Secondly, we have what we may call the desire for reputation or prestige (defining it as respect or es
I don't think of myself as a poor deprived ghetto girl who made good. I think of myself as somebody who from an early age knew I was responsible for myself, and I had to make good.
I'm particularly concerned about African-American students and English language learners. The answer is not to ignore the achievement gap by giving diplomas to unprepared students.
With data showing six years of improved student achievement, we know that California schools are headed in the right direction,
I view that as a tremendous achievement and testimony that the rugby authorities are doing a job in that respect. Apart from broadening our base of young players, we are currently setting the pace at under-19 and under-21 (international) level ? something which we can be extremely proud of.
It's an amazing achievement. That's all I really can say.
Passing the 7 million milestone was a tremendous achievement for our state's visitor industry.
The full results are not a surprise. But it is a big achievement that the return of 25 percent has been reached. These are positive figures.
Playing a top-15 football team in the country, not a small achievement. But we do have a way of making it interesting. 'Why can't we do this easy?' I kept saying in the fourth quarter.
Sacrificing your whole life for the sake of the 'outer world goals' is not the way to live.The one and only achievement that a man could do is working towards &quot;ENLIGHTENMENT&quot;.
It's not an achievement, it's what we expected. We've gotten to .500; now the key is to keep going. There are a lot of young guys that didn't experience the terrible season we had last year; the 19 wins is a nice accomplishment, but were looking to do bigger things this season.
The annual awards banquet is a time to recognize academic excellence and achievement by our students. It is also a time for the community to gather and recognize alumni and staff who have made outstanding contributions to the college.
His achievements read like the graffiti on the walls of a hangman's changing room.
The Hillsborough County School Board leadership has embraced accountability and made significant steps to improve student achievement. It is an excellent example of how an urban school board culture of communication, respect, commitment, and responsibility can make such a positive change in their district, their communities, and their students' well-being, ... CUBE and its member districts commend Hillsborough for a job well done.
My greatest achievement so far is that I've been able to continue with my normal life. I love what I do, but more so, I'm glad to have people who care about me close by.
An Olympic medal is the greatest achievement and honour that can be received by an athlete. I would swap any World Title to have won gold at the Olympics.
The removal of the sodomy laws. That really was the biggest achievement. Because while many states had already done that, there were many that had not. And once the Federal Government said NO to such laws, that was the coup de grace - that was the principle thing so far as I'm concerned.
Most successes are unhappy. That's why they are successes - they have to reassure themselves about themselves by achieving something that the world will notice.
The enormity of the achievement hasn't sunk in yet.
Number one, the best anti-poverty program is a job, ... And second, it is education. We are closing the achievement gap between black, Hispanic and white children.
Notwithstanding the embargo, Cuba's achievements in social development are impressive given the size of its gross domestic product per capita, ... As the human development index of the United Nations makes clear year after year, Cuba should be the envy of many other nations ostensibly far richer.
People often resist change for reasons that make good sense to them, even if those reasons don't correspond to organizational goals. So it is crucial to recognize, reward, and celebrate accomplishments.
On behalf of the UNDP, I congratulate the Chinese Government and people once again for this truly colossal achievement,
[After meeting five times since forming in May, the Committee to Close the Achievement Gap delivered its first report to the Board of Education last week.] The striking thing that we're finding is the consistency of the gap over time, ... The same gaps exist that existed during the last five years.
For we must consider that we shall be a city upon a hill. The eyes of all people are upon us, so that if we shall deal falsely with our God in this work we have undertaken, and so cause Him to withdraw His present help from us, we shall be made a story and a byword through the world.
The average estimate themselves by what they do, the above average by what they are.
This is exciting news. Our focus on improving student achievement is paying off. Our goal is to move students consistently upward in performance, and that is precisely what we are achieving.
It's a nice achievement. You set out at the beginning of the year to finish as high as possible. That's what we've done. (But) we don't think of it as an advantage or teams are going to quiver because of it.
It's such a monumental achievement. Jones really set what became the standard for all golfers.
I would like to congratulate Liz Robinson on her achievement,
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
Here in Toronto, the Canadian model is showcased for the world to see. It is an achievement that has eluded many societies and one that we Canadians sometimes take for granted, and that is unfortunate.
It's been a fantastic achievement by the lads. We've dominated the league from start to finish.
It is a fantastic achievement for Mark to have been given this opportunity. I have no doubt that he will fulfil his new role expertly and we wish him the best of luck. We have some highly qualified umpires to replace Mark ... all of whom have plenty of experience and expertise in the field.
If we beat the All Blacks on Saturday it must come close to the achievement of winning a World Cup.
It is a great achievement and no surprise to me that we have the most Academy players coming through into the first team,

