All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. – Walt Disney
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. – Confucius
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. — George Addair
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston Churchill
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear. – Nelson Mandela
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure. ? Paulo Coelho
Your true success in life begins only when you make the commitment to become excellent at what you do. — Brian Tracy
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. – Les Brown
If you believe it will work out, you’ll see opportunities. If you believe it won’t, you will see obstacles. – Wayne Dyer
Believe you can and you’re halfway there. — Theodore Roosevelt
Start by doing what’s necessary; then do what’s possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. – Francis of Assisi
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. – Florence Nightingale
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams – Franklin D. Roosevelt
Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart. ? Roy T. Bennett
It is never too late to be what you might have been. --George Eliot
Be the change that you wish to see in the world. --Mahatma Gandhi
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world. --Robin Williams
Don't wait. The time will never be just right. --Napoleon Hill
Some people look for a beautiful place. Others make a place beautiful. --Hazrat Inayat Khan
It isn't where you came from. It's where you're going that counts. --Ella Fitzgerald
If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way. --Martin Luther King Jr.
Begin now to be what you will be hereafter. --Saint Jerome
Listen, smile, agree, and then do whatever the fuck you were doing to do anyway. --Robert Downey Jr
Great things never came from comfort zones.  --Neil Strauss
If you want something you never had, you have to do something you’ve never done. --Thomas Jefferson
I would rather be a superb meteor, every atom of me in magnificent glow, than a sleepy and permanent planet. --Jack London
The Way Get Started Is To Quit Talking And Begin Doing. – Walt Disney
Failure Will Never Overtake Me If My Determination To Succeed Is Strong Enough. – Og Mandino
We May Encounter Many Defeats But We Must Not Be Defeated. – Maya Angelou
Knowing Is Not Enough; We Must Apply. Wishing Is Not Enough; We Must Do. – Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
We Generate Fears While We Sit. We Overcome Them By Action. – Dr. Henry Link
You Don’t Have To Be Great To Start, But You Have To Start To Be Great. – Zig Ziglar
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. — Confucius
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny. – C.S. Lewis
It’s not whether you get knocked down. It’s whether you get up. – Vince Lombardi
Hard times don’t create heroes. It is during the hard times when the ‘hero’ within us is revealed. – Bob Riley
Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change. – Unknown
Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life. ? Tony Robbins
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. – Mahatma Gandhi
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow. --Helen Keller
Spread love everywhere you go. --Mother Teresa?
A champion is defined not by their wins but by how they can recover when they fall. --Serena Williams
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. --Oprah Winfrey
Life has got all those twists and turns. You've got to hold on tight and off you go. --Nicole Kidman
You are enough just as you are. --Meghan Markle
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open. --John Barrymore
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. --C.S. Lewis
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. --Albert Einstein
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves. --William Shakespeare
The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself. --Michel de Montaigne
The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. The first to forget is the happiest. --Unknown
Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. --Robert Louis Stevenson
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. --F. Scott Fitzgerald
Don’t Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today. – Will Rogers
The Future Belongs To The Competent. Get Good, Get Better, Be The Best!” – Brian Tracy
The best fighter is never angry. ? Lao Tzu
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret. ? Ambrose Bierce
Angry people want you to see how powerful they are... loving people want you to see how powerful You are. ? Chief Red Eagle
Whoever is able to anger you is able to control you. - On Anger. ? Lamine Pearlheart
There are times when we stop, we sit still. We listen and breezes from a whole other world begin to whisper. —James Carroll
Within you, there is a stillness and a sanctuary to which you can retreat at any time and be yourself. —Hermann Hesse
Calmness is the cradle of power. —Josiah Gilbert Holland